README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/AronSeamountain/eco-simulation">
    <img alt="logo" src="Meta/logo.png">
  </a>
</div>

<h2 align="center">
  Ecosystem - A bachelor thesis project.
</h2>
This is a simulation contains rabbits and wolves in a natural environment.

<h3 align="center">
  Time relations
</h3>
The time in the simulation is not a perfect model of reality. We do however want the relationships between the animals fertilties/pregnancy times to be correct.
Therefore we have said that 12 hour in the game represents 1 month in real life.
1 day is therefore 2 moths

<h3 align="center">
  Wolves
</h3>
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolf
Pregnancy time wolf 62-75 days
Offspring amount 5-6
Fertility time after 2 years
Generally can have 1 litter per year.

<h3 align="center">
  Rabbits
</h3>
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit
Pregnancy time rabbit 28-35 days
Offspring average amount 5-6 but ranges from 2 to 10.
Fertility time 5-8 months
Can get pregnant the day after being pregnant...


### Graph Data with Plotly
1. Install python packages with `pip install -r requirements.txt` inside the Plotting folder.
2. Run the script, it searches recursively for data_log.csv from the directory the script is ran from.

### Render State Diagrams
`java -jar plantuml.jar states.txt` in `Meta/StateDiagrams`

Commit message:

Remove plot_all.py, update readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/AronSeamountain/eco-simulation">
    <img alt="logo" src="Meta/logo.png">
  </a>
</div>

<h2 align="center">
  Ecosystem - A bachelor thesis project.
</h2>
This is a simulation contains rabbits and wolves in a natural environment.

## Dev Tools

Tools used for development.

### Plot Data

Install python packages with `pip install -r requirements.txt` inside the Plotting folder. Run a script in `Plotting`, it searches **recursively** for the log files from the directory the script is being ran from.

**Sripts**
- average.py, opens an interactive graph. Searches for `detailed.json`
- avg_fps.py, plots fps. Searches for `fps.csv`, `overview.csv`, `fps_baseline.csv` (the baseline fps to compare to)

### Render State Diagrams

`java -jar plantuml.jar states.txt` in `Meta/StateDiagrams`

## Simulation Details

This section covers information about the simulation.

### Time relations

The time in the simulation is not a perfect model of reality. We do however want the relationships between the animals fertilties/pregnancy times to be correct.
Therefore we have said that 12 hour in the game represents 1 month in real life.
1 day is therefore 2 moths

### Wolves

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolf
Pregnancy time wolf 62-75 days
Offspring amount 5-6
Fertility time after 2 years
Generally can have 1 litter per year.

### Rabbits

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit
Pregnancy time rabbit 28-35 days
Offspring average amount 5-6 but ranges from 2 to 10.
Fertility time 5-8 months
Can get pregnant the day after being pregnant...
